Added content for session code (#315)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/dapp-dev-guide/session-code.md

The following steps illustrate the process of writing session code and the important components to include within your session code:

1. Create a new top level directory that will contain the session code and would also include another folder for tests, which will help us test the functionality of our session code. 

2. Inside the new folder run the following command to create a new binary package called contract:

    ```bash
    cargo new contract
    ```
    
    This folder will contain the logic that will be compiled to Wasm and will be executed on a node within the Casper network.

3. Within the contract package, you can find the `main.rs` file inside the `src` folder. You will write your session code in the `main.rs` file. 

4.  In the `cargo.toml` file include the following dependencies, for the purposes of this guide we are using only two, however, you can use more depending on the requirement of your session code:
    -   `casper-contract = "1.4.3"` - You need to import the casper-contract as it provide the SDK for the execution engine (EE). For more information on this crate, see the [documentation](https://docs.rs/casper-contract/latest/casper_contract/).

>     -   `casper-types = "1.4.6"` - You need to import the casper-types crate as this crate includes the types that the node uses and the execution engine (EE) understands to interpret the session code. For more information on this crate, see the [documentation](https://docs.rs/casper-types/latest/casper_types/).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   `casper-types = "1.4.6"` - You need to import the casper-types crate as this crate includes the types that the node uses. This is necessary for the execution engine (EE) to understand and interpret the session code. For more information on this crate, see the [documentation](https://docs.rs/casper-types/latest/casper_types/).  
```

```
Once the session code is compiled you can deploy it on the Casper network.

## Deploying the Session Code
Before you deploy the session code to the Mainnet or Testnet, you can do a trial run on the a local network using NCTL. For more information on how to build an NCTL network, see [Local Network Testing](setup-nctl.md).

You can deploy the session code on the Testnet using the following command:

```bash
casper-client put-deploy \
    --node-address <HOST:PORT> \
    --chain-name casper-test \
    --secret-key <PATH> \
    --payment-amount <PAYMENT-AMOUNT> \
    --session-path <SESSION-PATH>
```

-   `node-address` - An IP address of a peer on the network. The default port for JSON-RPC servers on Mainnet and Testnet is 7777.
-   `secret-key` - The file name containing the secret key of the account paying for the deploy.
-   `chain-name` - The chain-name to the network where you wish to send the deploy. For Mainnet, use *casper*. For Testnet, use *casper-test*. 
-   `payment-amount` - The payment for the deploy in motes.  
-   `session-path` - The path to the contract Wasm, which should point to wherever you compiled the contract (.wasm file) on your computer.

> ## Comparing Session Code and Smart Contract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Comparing Session Code and Contract Code
```
From what I understand, "contract code" is the direct comparison vs "session code", rather than using the term smart contract.

> The following points try to explain the difference between session code and smart contract:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following points try to explain the difference between session code and contract code.
```

> - When `put_key` is used to store a URef, it depends where the key is stored based on if the session code or the smart contract is making the call. When the session code is executed the key is added to the named keys of the account that called the session code. Whereas, when a smart contract is executed the key is added to the named keys of the smart contract. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When `put_key` is used to store a URef, it depends where the key is stored based on if the session code or the contract code is making the call. When the session code is executed the key is added to the named keys of the account that called the session code. Whereas, when contract code is executed the key is added to the named keys of the smart contract. 
```

> - Smart contract is Wasm that is stored on the network. Whereas session code is simple code you can use to interact with the smart contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Contract code is Wasm that is stored on the network. Whereas session code is simple code you can use to interact with the smart contract.
```

> - Smart contract is Wasm that is stored on the network. Whereas session code is simple code you can use to interact with the smart contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A smart contract is Wasm that is stored on the network. Whereas session code is simple code you can use to interact with the smart contract.
```

> - Smart contract is stateful and session code is stateless.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A smart contract is stateful and session code is stateless.
```

# Understanding Session Code
This section explains the concept of session code, why we need it and how to write it. Session code’s use case is when the situation calls for little or no state. Stateless means when the execution doesn't depend on a previous state, so the output of the execution is the same each time. Stateful is when the execution depends on a previous state, which makes the output differ each time.

In the following sections we will explore the concept of session code, the project structure that is required for the session code to be tested and executed correctly, and a simple example of a session code.

## What is Session code?
Session code is the simplest piece of logic you can execute on a Casper network. It requires only one entry point, which is the `call` function and it runs within the context of the account executing the session code. This means that the session code will run with the permissions of the account, such as having access to the main purse (the session code could transfer tokens out of the account's main purse). 

> Session code can be written in any programming language that compiles to Wasm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Session code can be written in any programming language that compiles to Wasm. But, in the examples below we will use Rust.
```

> Session code can be written in any programming language that compiles to Wasm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Session code can be written in any programming language that compiles to Wasm. But, in the examples below we will use Rust.
```
```suggestion
Session code can be written in any programming language that compiles to Wasm.
```

**Note**: Before you sign and execute the session code, ensure that you know exactly what the session code is doing. If you don't know exactly what it is meant for, then it could be doing something malicious.

## Project Structure
For this guide, we are creating the project structure manually, however, you can use `cargo casper` to setup this directory structure automatically.

Top-Level Directory
|_ contract
    |_ src
        |_ main.rs
    |_ gitignore
    |_ Cargo.lock
    |_ Cargo.toml
|_ tests
    |_ src
        |_ main.rs
    |_ gitignore
    |_ Cargo.lock
    |_ Cargo.toml

> In the above directory structure the `contract` folder contains the session code in the `main.rs` file and the needed dependencies in the `Cargo.toml` file. 
> The `tests` folder contains the code required to test the session code on before it is deployed on a Casper network.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the above directory structure, the `contract` folder contains the session code in the `main.rs` file and the needed dependencies in the `Cargo.toml` file. 
The `tests` folder contains the code required to test the session code before it is deployed on a Casper network.
```

> In the above directory structure the `contract` folder contains the session code in the `main.rs` file and the needed dependencies in the `Cargo.toml` file. 
> The `tests` folder contains the code required to test the session code on before it is deployed on a Casper network.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the above directory structure, the `contract` folder contains the session code in the `main.rs` file and the needed dependencies in the `Cargo.toml` file. 
The `tests` folder contains the code required to test the session code before it is deployed on a Casper network.
```

## Writing Session Code

> The following steps illustrate the process of writing session code and the important components to include:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following steps illustrate the process of writing session code and the important components to include.
```
```suggestion
The following steps illustrate the process of writing session code and the important components to include:
```

> The following steps illustrate the process of writing session code and the important components to include:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following steps illustrate the process of writing session code and the important components to include.
```

Author: Colon is the correct usage here.

1. Create a new top level directory that will contain the session code and would also include another folder for tests, which will help us test the functionality of our session code. 

2. Inside the new folder run the following command to create a new binary package called contract:

    ```bash
    cargo new contract
    ```
    
    This folder will contain the logic that will be compiled to Wasm and will be executed on a node within a Casper network.

3. Within the contract package, you can find the `main.rs` file inside the `src` folder. You will write your session code in the `main.rs` file. 

> 4.  In the `cargo.toml` file include the following dependencies, for the purposes of this guide we are using only two, however, you can use more depending on the requirement of your session code:

Reviewer 2: Split the sentence here.
```suggestion
4.  In the `cargo.toml` file, include the following dependencies. For the purposes of this guide, we are using only two dependencies; however, you can use more depending on the requirement of your session code:
```

> 4.  In the `cargo.toml` file include the following dependencies, for the purposes of this guide we are using only two, however, you can use more depending on the requirement of your session code:

Reviewer 2: Split the sentence here.
```suggestion
4.  In the `cargo.toml` file, include the following dependencies. For the purposes of this guide, we are using only two dependencies; however, you can use more depending on the requirement of your session code:
```

>     -   `casper-contract = "1.4.3"` - You need to import the casper-contract as it provide the SDK for the execution engine (EE). For more information on this crate, see the [documentation](https://docs.rs/casper-contract/latest/casper_contract/).

Reviewer 2: I would put the link with the first mention of casper-contract.
```suggestion
    -   `casper-contract = "1.4.3"` - You need to import the [casper-contract](https://docs.rs/casper-contract/latest/casper_contract/) as it provides the SDK for the execution engine (EE).
```

>     -   `casper-contract = "1.4.3"` - You need to import the casper-contract as it provide the SDK for the execution engine (EE). For more information on this crate, see the [documentation](https://docs.rs/casper-contract/latest/casper_contract/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    -   `casper-contract = "1.4.3"` - You need to import the [casper-contract](https://docs.rs/casper-contract/latest/casper_contract/) as it provides the SDK for the execution engine (EE).
```

>     -   `casper-types = "1.4.6"` - You need to import the casper-types crate as this crate includes the types that the node uses. This is necessary for the execution engine (EE) to understand and interpret the session code. For more information on this crate, see the [documentation](https://docs.rs/casper-types/latest/casper_types/).  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    -   `casper-types = "1.4.6"` - You need to import the [casper-types](https://docs.rs/casper-types/latest/casper_types/) crate as this crate includes the types that the node uses. This is necessary for the execution engine (EE) to understand and interpret the session code.
```

>     -   `casper-types = "1.4.6"` - You need to import the casper-types crate as this crate includes the types that the node uses. This is necessary for the execution engine (EE) to understand and interpret the session code. For more information on this crate, see the [documentation](https://docs.rs/casper-types/latest/casper_types/).  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    -   `casper-types = "1.4.6"` - You need to import the [casper-types](https://docs.rs/casper-types/latest/casper_types/) crate as this crate includes the types that the node uses. This is necessary for the execution engine (EE) to understand and interpret the session code.
```

    You can find the latest versions of the dependencies at https://crates.io/.
    

> 5. Few things to note while writing session code:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Note the following suggestions while writing session code.
```

> 5. Few things to note while writing session code:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. A few things to note while writing session code:
```

    -   Include the following:

>         -   `#![no_std]` - This indicates to not import the standard library.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        -   `#![no_std]` - This indicates not to import the standard library.
```

>         -   `#![no_std]` - This indicates to not import the standard library.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        -   `#![no_std]` - This indicates not to import the standard library.
```

>         -   `#![no_main]` - This indicates that the main function is not required, since the session code has only one entry point as the `call` function.

Reviewer 2: Should we highlight the main function as you did the `call` function?

>         -   `#![no_main]` - This indicates that the main function is not required, since the session code has only one entry point as the `call` function.

Reviewer 2: Should we highlight the main function as you did the `call` function?

    -   Import the casper contract API:

>         `use casper_contract::contract_api::{account, runtime, storage, system};` this example uses account, runtime, storage, and system crates, however, you might need to import the crates relevant to your session code.

Reviewer 2: In general, we use semicolons before however.
```suggestion
        `use casper_contract::contract_api::{account, runtime, storage, system};` this example uses the account, runtime, storage, and system crates; however, you might need to import the crates relevant to your session code.
```

Author: That is an incorrect assumption, there is no such grammatical rule. Semicolon is used to join two related independent clauses in place of a comma and a coordinating conjunction. 
"However" doesn't fall into this rule always!

>         `use casper_contract::contract_api::{account, runtime, storage, system};` this example uses account, runtime, storage, and system crates, however, you might need to import the crates relevant to your session code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        `use casper_contract::contract_api::{account, runtime, storage, system};` this example uses the account, runtime, storage, and system crates; however, you might need to import the crates relevant to your session code.
```

## Sample Session Code

> This sample code demonstrates a simple session code passing arguments, processing the arguments, and storing the result. In general, that is what you will use session code for. In this example, we are adding two numbers and storing the result in a URef.

Reviewer 2: Adder is not used anymore, updated explanation needed.
```suggestion
This sample code demonstrates a simple session code passing arguments, processing the arguments, and storing the result. In general, you will use session code for such operations. In this example, we call a contract that gets a donation amount, and we store the result in a URef.
```

Reviewer 2: This is an important one.

> This sample code demonstrates a simple session code passing arguments, processing the arguments, and storing the result. In general, that is what you will use session code for. In this example, we are adding two numbers and storing the result in a URef.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This sample code demonstrates a simple session code passing arguments, processing the arguments, and storing the result. In general, you will use session code for such operations. In this example, we add two numbers and store the result in a URef.
```

```rust
#![no_std]
#![no_main]

use casper_contract::contract_api::{account, runtime, storage, system};
use casper_contract::unwrap_or_revert::UnwrapOrRevert;
use casper_types::{runtime_args, ContractHash, Key, PublicKey, RuntimeArgs, URef, U512};

const FUNDRAISER_CONTRACT_HASH: &str = "fundraiser_contract_hash";
const ENTRY_POINT_GET_DONATION_COUNT: &str = "get_donation_count";
const DONATING_ACCOUNT_KEY: &str = "donating_account_key";

#[no_mangle]
pub extern "C" fn call() {
    let fundraiser_contract_hash: ContractHash = runtime::get_named_arg(FUNDRAISER_CONTRACT_HASH);
    let donating_account_key: Key = runtime::get_named_arg(DONATING_ACCOUNT_KEY);

    let donation_count: u64 = runtime::call_contract(
        fundraiser_contract_hash,
        ENTRY_POINT_GET_DONATION_COUNT,
        runtime_args! {
            DONATING_ACCOUNT_KEY => donating_account_key
        },
    );

    let donation_count_uref = storage::new_uref(donation_count);
    runtime::put_key("donation_count", donation_count_uref.into())
}
```

### Understanding the sample code
Let's try to understand what each line of code in the above sample is trying to achieve.

```rust
#![no_std]
#![no_main]
```

> This indicates to not import the standard library and that the main function is not required, since the session code has only one entry point as the `call` function.

Reviewer 2: Please move all explanations before the code. Please do so for the rest of the code.
```suggestion
This indicates not to import the standard library and that the main function is not required, since the session code has only one entry point as the `call` function.
```

> This indicates to not import the standard library and that the main function is not required, since the session code has only one entry point as the `call` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This indicates not to import the standard library and that the main function is not required, since the session code has only one entry point as the `call` function.
```

```rust
use casper_contract::contract_api::{account, runtime, storage, system};
use casper_contract::unwrap_or_revert::UnwrapOrRevert;
use casper_types::{runtime_args, ContractHash, Key, PublicKey, RuntimeArgs, URef, U512};
```

> Imports the casper contract API. This example uses account, runtime, storage, and system crates, however, you might need to import the crates relevant to your session code.

Reviewer 2: Generally, I see semicolons before however.

> Imports the casper contract API. This example uses account, runtime, storage, and system crates, however, you might need to import the crates relevant to your session code.

Reviewer 2: Generally, I see semicolons before however.
```suggestion
Imports the casper contract API. This example uses the account, runtime, storage, and system crates; however, you might need to import the crates relevant to your session code.
```

> Imports the casper contract API. This example uses account, runtime, storage, and system crates, however, you might need to import the crates relevant to your session code.

Reviewer 2: Generally, I see semicolons before however.
```suggestion
Imports the casper contract API. This example uses the account, runtime, storage, and system crates; however, you might need to import the crates relevant to your session code.
```

```rust
const FUNDRAISER_CONTRACT_HASH: &str = "fundraiser_contract_hash";
const ENTRY_POINT_GET_DONATION_COUNT: &str = "get_donation_count";
const DONATING_ACCOUNT_KEY: &str = "donating_account_key";
```
It is a good habit to define constants, because if you use the same argument in multiple places and you want to change the argument, you can do that where you just defined the constant. This change will reflect everywhere the argument is used.

```rust
#[no_mangle]
```

> When some Wasm is sent to be executed by the execution engine (EE) that lives within each node of a Casper network, `#[no_mangle]` ensures that the function name that follows it is retained as is in string form in the Wasm output. For session code, this retains the `call` string and marks the entry point for the execution engine.

Reviewer 2: Hard to read sentence. Suggesting a rewrite. Also, if you indicate the acronym (EE), it's best to indicate it only once at the start of the file, and start using it. I see it indicated several times.
Output doesn't seem to fit, I would replace it with bytecode unless the EE outputs the Wasm again? Probably best to check with @darthsiroftardis here.
```suggestion
When the EE (that lives on each node of a Casper network), receives Wasm to execute, the `#[no_mangle]` flag ensures that the function name following it is retained as a string in the Wasm output. For session code, this retains the `call` string and marks the entry point for the execution engine.
```

Reviewer 2: Helpful if implemented.

> When some Wasm is sent to be executed by the execution engine (EE) that lives within each node of a Casper network, `#[no_mangle]` ensures that the function name that follows it is retained as is in string form in the Wasm output. For session code, this retains the `call` string and marks the entry point for the execution engine.

Reviewer 2: Hard to read sentence. Suggesting a rewrite. Also, if you indicate the acronym (EE), it's best to indicate it only once at the start of the file, and start using it. I see it indicated several times.
Output doesn't seem to fit, I would replace it with bytecode unless the EE outputs the Wasm again? Probably best to check with @darthsiroftardis here.
```suggestion
When the EE (that lives on each node of a Casper network), receives Wasm to execute, the `#[no_mangle]` flag ensures that the function name following it is retained as a string in the Wasm output. For session code, this retains the `call` string and marks the entry point for the execution engine.
```

Reviewer 2: Discussed with Gloreen.

```rust
pub extern "C" fn call()
```

> This initiates the `call` function. When compiled, the resulting Wasm could then be linked to from a C library, and the function could be used as if it was from any other library.

Reviewer 2: Hard to read. Suggesting a rewrite.
```suggestion
This initiates the `call` function, which when compiled could be used from another library. For example, a C library could link to the resulting Wasm.
```

Reviewer 2: Discussed with Gloreen.

> This initiates the `call` function. When compiled, the resulting Wasm could then be linked to from a C library, and the function could be used as if it was from any other library.

Reviewer 2: Hard to read. Suggesting a rewrite.
```suggestion
This initiates the `call` function, which when compiled could be used from another library. For example, a C library could link to the resulting Wasm.
```

```rust
let fundraiser_contract_hash: ContractHash = runtime::get_named_arg(FUNDRAISER_CONTRACT_HASH);
    let donating_account_key: Key = runtime::get_named_arg(DONATING_ACCOUNT_KEY);

    let donation_count: u64 = runtime::call_contract(
        fundraiser_contract_hash,
        ENTRY_POINT_GET_DONATION_COUNT,
        runtime_args! {
            DONATING_ACCOUNT_KEY => donating_account_key
        },
    );
```

> This piece of code tries to demonstrate how to get the contract hash and donating account key as arguments and then perform a simple operation with them, such as get the final donation count. The `runtime::get_named_arg()` takes a string as an argument and returns the named argument to the host in the current runtime.

Reviewer 2: Hard to read. Suggestion to break the sentence down.
```suggestion
This code demonstrates how to get the contract hash and donating account key as arguments. It then performs a simple operation with them, such as getting the final donation count. The `runtime::get_named_arg()` takes a string as an argument and returns the named argument to the host in the current runtime.
```

> This piece of code tries to demonstrate how to get the contract hash and donating account key as arguments and then perform a simple operation with them, such as get the final donation count. The `runtime::get_named_arg()` takes a string as an argument and returns the named argument to the host in the current runtime.

Reviewer 2: Hard to read. Suggestion to break the sentence down.
```suggestion
This code demonstrates how to get the contract hash and donating account key as arguments. It then performs a simple operation with them, such as getting the final donation count. The `runtime::get_named_arg()` takes a string as an argument and returns the named argument to the host in the current runtime.
```

```rust
let donation_count_uref = storage::new_uref(donation_count);
```

> Once you have the result, you might want to save it at a location that can be accessed later. This code puts the URef in the current context's NamedKeys, which is the context of the account calling this piece of session code.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion to explain NamedKeys or to link somewhere that explains them. At a minimum here https://docs.rs/casper-types/latest/casper_types/contracts/type.NamedKeys.html.

> Once you have the result, you might want to save it at a location that can be accessed later. This code puts the URef in the current context's NamedKeys, which is the context of the account calling this piece of session code.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion to explain NamedKeys or to link somewhere that explains them. At a minimum here https://docs.rs/casper-types/latest/casper_types/contracts/type.NamedKeys.html.

```rust    
runtime::put_key("donation_count", donation_count_uref.into())
```

> The `put_key` function stores the URef of the result in the current context's NamedKeys, which is the context of the account calling this piece of session code. Once this session code is executed, the account that called the session code will have a new named key `donation_count` added to the account.

Reviewer 2: Please rewrite this sentence as it is hard to read. I have done this for some of the examples above.

> The `put_key` function stores the URef of the result in the current context's NamedKeys, which is the context of the account calling this piece of session code. Once this session code is executed, the account that called the session code will have a new named key `donation_count` added to the account.

Reviewer 2: Please rewrite this sentence as it is hard to read. I have done this for some of the examples above.

## Compiling the Session Code
Before you deploy the session code on a Casper network, you need to compile it to Wasm. 

Use the following command to move to the *contract* directory:

```bash
cd contract
```

> Inside the *contract* directory execute the following command to compile the session code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Inside the *contract* directory, execute the following command to compile the session code.
```
```suggestion
Inside the *contract* directory execute the following command to compile the session code.
```

> Inside the *contract* directory execute the following command to compile the session code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Inside the *contract* directory, execute the following command to compile the session code.
```

```bash
cargo build --release --target wasm32-unknown-unknown
```
Once the session code is compiled you can deploy it on a Casper network.

## Deploying the Session Code

> Before you deploy the session code to the Mainnet or Testnet, you can do a trial run on the a local network using NCTL. For more information on how to build an NCTL network, see [Local Network Testing](setup-nctl.md).

Reviewer 2: Best to link directly.
```suggestion
Before you deploy the session code to the Mainnet or Testnet, you can do a trial run on a local network using [NCTL](setup-nctl.md).
```

> Before you deploy the session code to the Mainnet or Testnet, you can do a trial run on the a local network using NCTL. For more information on how to build an NCTL network, see [Local Network Testing](setup-nctl.md).

Reviewer 2: Best to link directly. Also, note the extra article.
```suggestion
Before you deploy the session code to the Mainnet or Testnet, you can do a trial run on a local network using [NCTL](setup-nctl.md).
```

You can deploy the session code on the Testnet using the following command:

```bash
casper-client put-deploy \
    --node-address <HOST:PORT> \
    --chain-name casper-test \
    --secret-key <PATH> \
    --payment-amount <PAYMENT-AMOUNT> \
    --session-path <SESSION-PATH>
```

-   `node-address` - An IP address of a peer on the network. The default port for JSON-RPC servers on Mainnet and Testnet is 7777.
-   `secret-key` - The file name containing the secret key of the account paying for the deploy.
-   `chain-name` - The chain-name to the network where you wish to send the deploy. For Mainnet, use *casper*. For Testnet, use *casper-test*. 
-   `payment-amount` - The payment for the deploy in motes.  
-   `session-path` - The path to the contract Wasm, which should point to wherever you compiled the contract (.wasm file) on your computer.

> ## Comparing Session Code and Contract Code

Reviewer 2: I think this can be a sub-point in the introduction, with links to the appropriate sub-sections or pages (such as writing contracts).

> ## Comparing Session Code and Contract Code

Reviewer 2: I think this can be a sub-point in the introduction, with links to the appropriate sub-sections or pages (such as writing contracts).

Author: Done, moved.

The following points try to explain the difference between session code and contract code.

> - When `put_key` is used to store a URef, it depends where the key is stored based on if the session code or the contract code is making the call. When the session code is executed the key is added to the named keys of the account that called the session code. Whereas, when contract code is executed the key is added to the named keys of the smart contract. 

Reviewer 2: Please rewrite this, as it is hard to read. Also, you can link to the example on line 148 if you wish. 
```suggestion
- When `put_key` is used to store a URef, the key is stored differently depending on if the caller is session code or contract code. When session code is executed, the key is added to the named keys of the account calling the session code. When contract code is executed, the key is added to the named keys of the smart contract. 
```

> - When `put_key` is used to store a URef, it depends where the key is stored based on if the session code or the contract code is making the call. When the session code is executed the key is added to the named keys of the account that called the session code. Whereas, when contract code is executed the key is added to the named keys of the smart contract. 

Reviewer 2: Please rewrite this, as it is hard to read. Also, you can link to the example on line 148 if you wish. 
```suggestion
- When `put_key` is used to store a URef, the key is stored differently depending on if the caller is session code or contract code. When session code is executed, the key is added to the named keys of the account calling the session code. When contract code is executed, the key is added to the named keys of the smart contract. 
```

> - Contract code is Wasm that is stored on the network. Whereas, session code is simple code you can use to interact with the smart contract.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Contract code is Wasm that is stored on the network. Whereas, session code is simpler code used to interact with contract code.
```

> - Contract code is Wasm that is stored on the network. Whereas, session code is simple code you can use to interact with the smart contract.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Contract code is Wasm that is stored on the network. Whereas, session code is simpler code used to interact with contract code.
```
